BetterBattlePetTooltip
=========================

BetterBattlePetTooltip modifies the "Collected" lines in battle pet
tooltips. It supports item tooltips for caged battle pets, unit tooltips
for wild battle pets, and minimap tracking tooltips.

The default "Collected (1/3)" text is changed to "Collected (Level 25)",
to indicate the level of your collected pet, and both the text and the
tooltip border are colored by the rarity of your collected pet.

Colorblind users will be shown the rarity name (eg. "Rare") at the end
of the info line, and the text won't be colored.

When mousing over a wild battle pet unit you have already battled this
login session, an additional line in the tooltip will show the pet's
quality. This only works for unit tooltips (not the tracking tooltips
on the minimap) and only works for the exact pet you battled (not for
other pets of the same type).


Download
-----------

* [WoWInterface](http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info21978-BetterBattlePetTooltip.html)
* [Curse](http://www.curse.com/addons/wow/betterbattlepettooltip)


Options
----------

Type “/bbpt” to open the options pane, or browse to it in the game’s
Interface Options window.

You can toggle the display of quantities, levels, or previously seen
wild pet qualities.


Localization
---------------

Works in all languages. Translated into English, Deutsch, Español,
Français, Italiano, Português, and Русский.

If you can add or update translations for any language, post a comment
on the WoWInterface download page.


Credits
-----------

BetterBattlePetTooltip was inspired by Lifetapt’s PetCaught.


Feedback
-----------

Post a ticket on either download site, or a comment on WoWInterface.

If you are reporting a bug, please include directions I can follow to
reproduce the bug, whether it still happens when all other addons are
disabled, and the exact text of the related error message (if any) from
[BugSack](http://www.wowinterface.com/downloads/info5995-BugSack.html).

If you need to contact me privately, you can send me a private message
on either download site, or email me at <addons@phanx.net>.


License
----------

Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Phanx. All rights reserved.
See the accompanying LICENSE file for information about the conditions
under which redistribution and modification may be allowed.
